Mary yeah yeah got three lemons so well
my baby wants my baby gets no but I
wanted 12 baby one of 12 why do you want
to bail isn't making a 12 on the
centerpiece so no one's even gonna eat
the lemons you're you're suggesting to
me these are just show limits after two
years together Gary and Brooke have
reached a critical point in their
relationship fine help me do the dishes
no that's not what I want you just said
that you want me to help you do the
dishes I want you to want to do the
dishes why would I want to do dishes I'm
done what what happened we just broke up
you could stay with me you think I'm
gonna move out of the place let her keep
it I don't know
am i Columbo the only logical thing that
I can think of is for her to move out of
the condo and then to pay me some sort
of a penalty
what what what excuse me the battle is
on don't even get me started by the way
on your sister my sister's been through
a lot
she slept with the entire Arizona
Cardinals offensive line the gloves are
off
what about your brother Richard is not
gay so you always live your life never
thinking of the future of in draw my
house Mac I think you're just alone
Barris that rich Rican jerk is that how
you want to play it it's all play it
like Lionel Richie all night long lady
and their true feelings are coming now
one thing is for sure is you're hurt I'm
excited I look at it like I'm on
medication I need to get somebody really
hot hi Malik
let me Gary jealous I'm gonna be just a
few more seconds just sit down and leave
it on the field you mind if we finish
the game you got a real nail-biter going
here sure tell Gary to call me
Universal Pictures presents I mean
actually loosen go see Mishka my
personal wax are at the spa ask her for
the telly savalas
oh who loves him baby
we gonna make you
Vince Vaughn Jennifer Aniston
the break-up
you